hey people who like to watch the patio
gardeners is week four of year 2 and
Tiffany what if we get going on this
week oh you growing violent yep
we have everything we have things
growing in every single one of our pots
that you can see here except for what's
the except for oregano and one of the
habanero peppers yeah so our peppers the
habanero peppers we were told to wait
until it sort of got warm until we had
anything although we did get the
jalapeno peppers but unfortunately
nothing yet on the habanero peppers so
that's the only kind of nothing the only
kind of nothing one and should we head
outside
alright the strawberries are doing well
we still have something that looks an
awful lot like a strawberry which I
think Tiffany called dibs on last week
right yep it's really looking to keep it
your finger next to that so we can see
the size of it so it's small it's not
big but it does look an awful lot like a
strawberry what else you have going on
out here so we planted basil and so the
dill is in this milk jug and then the
rest of these are basil then we planted
some flowers we did yes we planted some
morning glories up here and hopefully
the birds we just planted these today's
there's not much to see hopefully the
birds will not keep on picking at our
coconut matting to build their stupid
nests stupid birds and also this week I
planted my onion experiment you can see
it growing here this is the thing that
we're hoping will give us onion seeds
once the flowers were I think Tiffany's
probably pretty skeptical about that but
hopefully something will happen it
smells pretty awful huh and then we got
little spinach is growing here uh and
then you want to talk about what's going
on here here we have one carrot maybe a
carrot could be something else could
easily be something else we just have no
idea right now and how many carats did
you say you planted in here I planted
three rows you planted three rows which
is like way more than the recommended
number for a container of this size well
then you weed it out once they anyway so
hopefully hopefully the bunny will
appreciate eating the carrot tops right
yeah yeah
so that's kind of what's going on so I
guess we'll see you or you'll see us on
next sunday yep thanks for watching